Before I explain how we can quickly setup such a vuejs workflow and what the features of such a workflow
are,
I want to dive into the question, what should such a workflow have and what could be the improvements such
a workflow offers us?
I would argue it should have a build process which kind of optimizes our code which means for example
that we are able to write ES6 code so next javascript versions code and that it gets compile to ES5 so
that we can use all the cool new features of ES6 and still have code which runs in the browser.
I would also say that we need a development server and now this is something which causes some confusion
because you would say well vuejs runs in the browser,
why would I need development server.
You have to think of it like this,
it runs on the client
but in the end if you visit a page which uses vuejs, it gets served by a server anyway,
that is how the Internet works,
it's not lying on your machine, you have to fetch it from some server
eventually and therefore, we want to test other such circumstances.
The file protocol which we use when we double click on a html file does not have the same specifications
and features the http protocol has,
so we want to access our vuejs through http and for that we'll need a server even if it's running
on our machine
but we will need a server which is able to understand http,
so we are able to test on a more realistic circumstances.
Additionally, we might have a project where we're not loading all the files at startup because yes, we
might have a bundle with our code
but later in the course, we will get to projects where we lazily load certain parts.
So where we say only if we visit a certain section or part of our application, only then we want to load
the associated script files or whatever, in such a case you also need a server otherwise there is no well
fetching after the initial loading possible.
So these are all cases why we need such a server,
we're not going to write any server side code,
we will use a development server which is provided to us so we're not going to write our own server
code,
we're not going to write our own node express server or something like that,
we will use a finished lightweight development server,
I will come back to this in the next videos
but this server is then able to host and offer our application.
It will also give us some additional benefits like auto-reloading and so on if it's configured properly
and it will be configured properly in the setup I'm showing you.
So that are all some benefits why we might want to use a development server and why I will use one throughout the
rest of this course.